content/enterprise/client-configuration.md, before:

<!--
order: 4
title: Configuring the CLI client
featured: true
-->

# Configuring the CLI client

The client you use to interact with your npm On-Site server is the same client
that you use with the public npm registry.

## Install the latest npm client

npm On-Site requires a 2.x or newer version of the npm client. You can get this
by running:

```
[sudo] npm install npm -g
 ```

<a name="pointing-your-client-to-the-registry"></a>
## Pointing your client to the On-Site registry

Once you have an up-to-date client, you can configure it to install from and
publish to your private npm On-Site registry.

You can do this in one of two ways:

1. [Using On-Site for private _and public_ packages](#using-your-private-registry-for-all-packages)
2. [Using On-Site for private packages only](#using-your-private-registry-for-your-scoped-packages)

Read about each option below.

<a name="using-your-private-registry-for-all-packages"></a>
### Option 1: Using On-Site for private and public packages

If you want all packages, whether they are under a scope or not, to be stored in
your private registry, then you should configure the npm client to use your
private npm On-Site appliance as the top level registry.

To do this, first set your On-Site registry as the CLI's default registry:

```
npm config set registry http://myreg.mycompany.com:8080
```

And then authenticate against your registry without a scope:

```
npm login --registry=http://myreg.mycompany.com:8080
```

When clients are configured this way, they will always use your private npm
On-Site registry as their main registry. When using `npm install`, it will only
look in the private registry to find the package.

To make sure your On-Site instance supports this functionality, you should
enable the "Read Through Cache" setting (enabled by default) in the server's
admin console (`https://myreg.mycompany.com:8800/settings`) so that public
packages are automatically mirrored from the public registry and automatically
added to your registry's whitelist.

<a name="using-your-private-registry-for-your-scoped-packages"></a>
### Option 2: Using On-Site for private packages only

If you want to default to using the public npm registry for most packages and
only use your private registry for packages under a particular scope, then you
can specify that the registry should only be used for that scope.

To do so, use `npm login` with a registry and scope:

```
npm login --registry=http://myreg.mycompany.com:8080 --scope=@myco
```

## Logging in

The `npm login` command will prompt you for your credentials. The credentials
you use should match the authentication strategy configured in the Settings of
your instance's admin console (`https://myreg.mycompany.com:8800/settings`).
**By default, these will be your GitHub or GitHub Enterprise credentials.**

For details on GitHub Enterprise integration, please see
[this page](/enterprise/github).

For details on configuring custom authentication, please see
[this page](/enterprise/custom-authentication).

Commit message:

feat: rebranding from npm On-Site to npm enterprise

content/enterprise/client-configuration.md, after:

<!--
order: 4
title: Configuring the CLI client
featured: true
-->

# Configuring the CLI client

The client you use to interact with your npm Enterprise server is the same client
that you use with the public npm registry.

## Install the latest npm client

npm Enterprise requires a 2.x or newer version of the npm client. You can get this
by running:

```
[sudo] npm install npm -g
 ```

<a name="pointing-your-client-to-the-registry"></a>
## Pointing your client to the Enterprise registry

Once you have an up-to-date client, you can configure it to install from and
publish to your private npm Enterprise registry.

You can do this in one of two ways:

1. [Using Enterprise for private _and public_ packages](#using-your-private-registry-for-all-packages)
2. [Using Enterprise for private packages only](#using-your-private-registry-for-your-scoped-packages)

Read about each option below.

<a name="using-your-private-registry-for-all-packages"></a>
### Option 1: Using Enterprise for private and public packages

If you want all packages, whether they are under a scope or not, to be stored in
your private registry, then you should configure the npm client to use your
private npm Enterprise appliance as the top level registry.

To do this, first set your Enterprise registry as the CLI's default registry:

```
npm config set registry http://myreg.mycompany.com:8080
```

And then authenticate against your registry without a scope:

```
npm login --registry=http://myreg.mycompany.com:8080
```

When clients are configured this way, they will always use your private npm
Enterprise registry as their main registry. When using `npm install`, it will only
look in the private registry to find the package.

To make sure your Enterprise instance supports this functionality, you should
enable the "Read Through Cache" setting (enabled by default) in the server's
admin console (`https://myreg.mycompany.com:8800/settings`) so that public
packages are automatically mirrored from the public registry and automatically
added to your registry's whitelist.

<a name="using-your-private-registry-for-your-scoped-packages"></a>
### Option 2: Using Enterprise for private packages only

If you want to default to using the public npm registry for most packages and
only use your private registry for packages under a particular scope, then you
can specify that the registry should only be used for that scope.

To do so, use `npm login` with a registry and scope:

```
npm login --registry=http://myreg.mycompany.com:8080 --scope=@myco
```

## Logging in

The `npm login` command will prompt you for your credentials. The credentials
you use should match the authentication strategy configured in the Settings of
your instance's admin console (`https://myreg.mycompany.com:8800/settings`).
**By default, these will be your GitHub or GitHub Enterprise credentials.**

For details on GitHub Enterprise integration, please see
[this page](/enterprise/github).

For details on configuring custom authentication, please see
[this page](/enterprise/custom-authentication).
