content/enterprise/installation.md, before:

<!--
order: 3
title: Installing the server
featured: true
-->

# npm On-Site Installation Guide

This document is meant to be a comprehensive guide to installing npm On-Site
onto your server. When you are done going through the steps, you should have a
usable private registry and website.

For details on configuration settings post-installation, please see
[this page](/enterprise/server-configuration).

## Things You Will Need

Before you get started, please make sure you have the following ready to go:

- A Linux server fulfilling the [minimal prerequisites](/enterprise/requirements)

    Linux is required to run the container-based appliance. Note that your
    server will need access to the public internet, either directly or via
    proxy, in order to download the installer and its dependencies.

- Your license key and billing email

    If you do not have a license key, please
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/onsite#free-trial" target="_blank">register
    for one here</a>.

## Summary

The installation consists of these 4 main steps.

1. Install Node.js and npm via
   <a href="https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/" target="_blank">
   instructions here</a>
2. Install npmo: `sudo npm install npmo -g --unsafe`
3. Configure your instance via admin web console at: <br>`https:<your-server>:8800`
4. Start the services from the Dashboard there

Your npm On-Site instance will then be fully operational!

## Details

Follow along for details of each of the 4 main steps.

### 1. Install Node.js and npm on your server

Node.js and npm are required to run the `npmo` installer in the next main step.

- SSH into your server

    OS X and Linux users can use the canonical `ssh` CLI client. Windows users
    can use <a href="http://www.putty.org/" target="_blank">PuTTY</a> or the ssh
    client that comes with
    <a href="https://github.com/msysgit/msysgit/wiki/InstallMSysGit"
    target="_blank">msysGit</a>.

- Install a recent version of Node.js based on your Linux distro

    The binary distributions provided by our friends at NodeSource make this easy:

    <a name="install-node-deb"></a>
    <a href="https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/#debian-and-ubuntu-based-linux-distributions"
    target="_blank">Ubuntu/Debian</a>:

    ```
    $ curl -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_4.x | sudo -E bash -
    $ sudo apt-get install -y nodejs
    ```

    If your system does not have `curl` installed (e.g. Debian 8 Jessie), you
    can use `wget` instead:

    ```
    $ wget -qO- https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_4.x | sudo -E bash -
    $ sudo apt-get install -y nodejs
    ```

    <a name="install-node-rpm"></a>
    <a href="https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/#enterprise-linux-and-fedora"
    target="_blank">CentOS/RHEL</a>:

    ```
    $ curl -sL https://rpm.nodesource.com/setup_4.x | sudo -E bash -
    $ sudo yum -y install nodejs
    ```

- Update to the latest version of npm

    npm is installed with Node.js, but npm releases updates more frequently than
    Node.js. It can be easily updated like any other package hosted by the
    public npm registry:

    ```
    $ sudo npm install npm@latest -g
    ```

### 2. Install npmo on your server

npm On-Site is distributed via the `npmo` package, which acts as an installer
and CLI tool. It will automatically install Docker and an orchestration layer
that comes with its own CLI (`replicated`) and runs an admin web console on
port `8800` of your server. Once `npmo` is installed, you will need to complete
the installation by configuring your instance using the admin web console.

- Use npm to install `npmo`:

    ```
    $ sudo npm install npmo -g --unsafe
    ```

    Note that the installer may prompt you on whether or not a proxy should be
    used to access the public internet:

    ```
    Does this machine require a proxy to access the Internet? (y/N)
    ```

    Enter `y` for yes or `N` for no. If you answer yes, you will be prompted for
    the address:

    ```
    Enter desired HTTP proxy address:
    ```

    Enter the base URL of your HTTP(S) proxy server, e.g. `http://my-proxy:80`.

    If your system does not have `curl` installed, you may be prompted to select
    a network interface:

    ```
    The installer was unable to automatically detect the private IP address of this machine.
    Please choose one of the following network interfaces:
    [0] default: unspecified
    [1] lo   	127.0.0.1
    [2] eth0 	172.31.43.47
    Enter desired number (0-2):
    ```

    Enter the number of the interface with a valid IP, typically named `eth` or
    `wlan`. This would be `2` in the example above.

Once the installer is complete, make sure that the `docker` and `replicated`
daemons are running:

```
$ sudo ps aux | grep -e docker -e replicated
root      4354  1.5  1.1 495888 90560 ?        Ssl  16:40   6:57 /usr/bin/replicated -d
root      4363  0.0  0.1 115824 12924 ?        Ssl  16:40   0:11 /usr/bin/replicated-ui -d
root      4371  0.0  0.1 107200  7864 ?        Ssl  16:40   0:00 /usr/bin/replicated-updater -d
root      6512  1.2  0.6 1579584 50292 ?       Ssl  16:54   5:28 /usr/bin/docker daemon -H fd://
```

If any are not up, try running the installer again. On some systems, it's
possible that dependencies may not be loaded in the correct order the first time.

Once you have confirmed the daemons are running, there will be an admin web
console listening on port `8800`. You can now use it to configure your On-Site
instance and complete the installation.

### 3. Configure your installation via the admin web console

At this point, the virtual environment and orchestration layer are in place, but
the services that make up the registry are not yet installed and running. To
complete this phase, you'll first need to set some things up in the admin web
console and activate your instance with your license key.

- Access the admin web console at `https://<your-server>:8800`

    You will be prompted with a security warning in your browser. This is due to
    the initial use of a self-signed TLS certificate, which you can replace
    shortly. Proceed past the security warning to continue.

- Enter the DNS name or IP of your server in the "Hostname" field and choose
  your SSL/TLS option

    You can either continue using the self-signed certificate, upload your own
    certificate and private key, or use a certificate and private key from the
    file system of your server.

    ![Hostname and SSL Cert](/images/npmo-install1.png)

- Enter your "Billing Email" and "License Key" and hit "Continue"

    When you signed up for a license, the key was displayed on the npm website
    and sent to the billing email address you provided. This information is
    needed to validate your license and activate your server instance. Note that
    a single license will allow you to run multiple instances of npm On-Site.

    ![Validate License](/images/npmo-install2.png)

- Secure the admin console as you wish and hit "Continue"

    We recommend securing the admin console with a password or with your
    corporate LDAP, especially if your instance is *not* running behind a
    firewall.

    ![Secure the Console](/images/npmo-install3.png)

- Select initial configuration settings for your registry and hit "Save"

    For a detailed explanation of all settings, please visit the
    [server configuration page](/enterprise/server-configuration).

    On first installation, you should probably focus on "General", "Storage",
    and "Authentication". The default values for other settings will probably
    suit your needs.

    - **General**

        The registry will bind to port `8080` and the website will bind to port
        `8081` on your server. However, it is typical to put a routing layer or
        load balancer in front of your On-Site instance that will use a DNS name
        and port of your choosing, possibly terminating SSL/TLS there. The
        front-facing URLs you choose for your network topology should be entered
        here. **Note** that these values will be stored with package metadata
        and should match the URLs used by end-users to access your npm registry
        and website.

        You may customize your website by filling in "Your company name".

        If your server uses a proxy to access the internet, make sure to enter
        its address in "Proxy URL".

    - **Storage**

        Make sure the paths listed here map to the available disk space you have
        provisioned for your server. This is especially true for the "Package
        storage path on host", which is where the registry will store the
        tarballs for all hosted packages.

    - **Authentication**

        npm On-Site supports several strategies for authentication and
        authorization, leveraging the credentials and permissions you have
        already defined in another backing system.

        Please see our other docs pages for details on
        [GitHub](/enterprise/github), [Open](/enterprise/no-authentication), and
        [Custom](/enterprise/custom-authentication) authentication options.

    Note that you can always come back to this page and adjust your
    configuration settings. Each time you save new settings, you will be
    prompted to restart the registry in order for the changes to take effect.

- Hit "Take me to the Dashboard"

    The first time you save your settings, the admin console will display a
    success dialog and will automatically download and start the registry
    services with your applied configuration.

    ![Settings Saved](/images/npmo-install5.png)

### 4. Start and verify the registry services

With configuration settings saved, the admin console will direct you to the
Dashboard where you can view the status of the registry services. If the
top-left panel does not say "Starting", then hit the "Start Now" button.

- Wait for the registry services to start

    ![Dashboard Starting](/images/npmo-install6.png)

    Once all the containerized registry services have been downloaded and
    started, the Dashboard will prompt you to reload the page to add panels for
    resource metrics.

- Reload the Dashboard

    ![Dashboard Metrics](/images/npmo-install7.png)

    Your npm On-Site registry is ready to use!

- Verify registry and website

    Your registry is now available at `http://<your-server>:8080`

    You should get a JSON response from that URL.

    And your npm website is available at `http://<your-server>:8081`

If everything looks good, it's time to [configure your npm CLI
client](/enterprise/client-configuration) and start [publishing and installing
private packages](/enterprise/using-it). Congrats!

Commit message:

feat: rebranding from npm On-Site to npm enterprise

content/enterprise/installation.md, after:

<!--
order: 3
title: Installing the server
featured: true
-->

# npm Enterprise Installation Guide

This document is meant to be a comprehensive guide to installing npm Enterprise
onto your server. When you are done going through the steps, you should have a
usable private registry and website.

For details on configuration settings post-installation, please see
[this page](/enterprise/server-configuration).

## Things You Will Need

Before you get started, please make sure you have the following ready to go:

- A Linux server fulfilling the [minimal prerequisites](/enterprise/requirements)

    Linux is required to run the container-based appliance. Note that your
    server will need access to the public internet, either directly or via
    proxy, in order to download the installer and its dependencies.

- Your license key and billing email

    If you do not have a license key, please
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/onsite#free-trial" target="_blank">register
    for one here</a>.

## Summary

The installation consists of these 4 main steps.

1. Install Node.js and npm via
   <a href="https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/" target="_blank">
   instructions here</a>
2. Install npme: `sudo npm install npme -g --unsafe`
3. Configure your instance via admin web console at: <br>`https:<your-server>:8800`
4. Start the services from the Dashboard there

Your npm Enterprise instance will then be fully operational!

## Details

Follow along for details of each of the 4 main steps.

### 1. Install Node.js and npm on your server

Node.js and npm are required to run the `npme` installer in the next main step.

- SSH into your server

    OS X and Linux users can use the canonical `ssh` CLI client. Windows users
    can use <a href="http://www.putty.org/" target="_blank">PuTTY</a> or the ssh
    client that comes with
    <a href="https://github.com/msysgit/msysgit/wiki/InstallMSysGit"
    target="_blank">msysGit</a>.

- Install a recent version of Node.js based on your Linux distro

    The binary distributions provided by our friends at NodeSource make this easy:

    <a name="install-node-deb"></a>
    <a href="https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/#debian-and-ubuntu-based-linux-distributions"
    target="_blank">Ubuntu/Debian</a>:

    ```
    $ curl -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_4.x | sudo -E bash -
    $ sudo apt-get install -y nodejs
    ```

    If your system does not have `curl` installed (e.g. Debian 8 Jessie), you
    can use `wget` instead:

    ```
    $ wget -qO- https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_4.x | sudo -E bash -
    $ sudo apt-get install -y nodejs
    ```

    <a name="install-node-rpm"></a>
    <a href="https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/#enterprise-linux-and-fedora"
    target="_blank">CentOS/RHEL</a>:

    ```
    $ curl -sL https://rpm.nodesource.com/setup_4.x | sudo -E bash -
    $ sudo yum -y install nodejs
    ```

- Update to the latest version of npm

    npm is installed with Node.js, but npm releases updates more frequently than
    Node.js. It can be easily updated like any other package hosted by the
    public npm registry:

    ```
    $ sudo npm install npm@latest -g
    ```

### 2. Install npme on your server

npm Enterprise is distributed via the `npme` package, which acts as an installer
and CLI tool. It will automatically install Docker and an orchestration layer
that comes with its own CLI (`replicated`) and runs an admin web console on
port `8800` of your server. Once `npme` is installed, you will need to complete
the installation by configuring your instance using the admin web console.

- Use npm to install `npme`:

    ```
    $ sudo npm install npme -g --unsafe
    ```

    Note that the installer may prompt you on whether or not a proxy should be
    used to access the public internet:

    ```
    Does this machine require a proxy to access the Internet? (y/N)
    ```

    Enter `y` for yes or `N` for no. If you answer yes, you will be prompted for
    the address:

    ```
    Enter desired HTTP proxy address:
    ```

    Enter the base URL of your HTTP(S) proxy server, e.g. `http://my-proxy:80`.

    If your system does not have `curl` installed, you may be prompted to select
    a network interface:

    ```
    The installer was unable to automatically detect the private IP address of this machine.
    Please choose one of the following network interfaces:
    [0] default: unspecified
    [1] lo   	127.0.0.1
    [2] eth0 	172.31.43.47
    Enter desired number (0-2):
    ```

    Enter the number of the interface with a valid IP, typically named `eth` or
    `wlan`. This would be `2` in the example above.

Once the installer is complete, make sure that the `docker` and `replicated`
daemons are running:

```
$ sudo ps aux | grep -e docker -e replicated
root      4354  1.5  1.1 495888 90560 ?        Ssl  16:40   6:57 /usr/bin/replicated -d
root      4363  0.0  0.1 115824 12924 ?        Ssl  16:40   0:11 /usr/bin/replicated-ui -d
root      4371  0.0  0.1 107200  7864 ?        Ssl  16:40   0:00 /usr/bin/replicated-updater -d
root      6512  1.2  0.6 1579584 50292 ?       Ssl  16:54   5:28 /usr/bin/docker daemon -H fd://
```

If any are not up, try running the installer again. On some systems, it's
possible that dependencies may not be loaded in the correct order the first time.

Once you have confirmed the daemons are running, there will be an admin web
console listening on port `8800`. You can now use it to configure your On-Site
instance and complete the installation.

### 3. Configure your installation via the admin web console

At this point, the virtual environment and orchestration layer are in place, but
the services that make up the registry are not yet installed and running. To
complete this phase, you'll first need to set some things up in the admin web
console and activate your instance with your license key.

- Access the admin web console at `https://<your-server>:8800`

    You will be prompted with a security warning in your browser. This is due to
    the initial use of a self-signed TLS certificate, which you can replace
    shortly. Proceed past the security warning to continue.

- Enter the DNS name or IP of your server in the "Hostname" field and choose
  your SSL/TLS option

    You can either continue using the self-signed certificate, upload your own
    certificate and private key, or use a certificate and private key from the
    file system of your server.

    ![Hostname and SSL Cert](/images/npmo-install1.png)

- Enter your "Billing Email" and "License Key" and hit "Continue"

    When you signed up for a license, the key was displayed on the npm website
    and sent to the billing email address you provided. This information is
    needed to validate your license and activate your server instance. Note that
    a single license will allow you to run multiple instances of npm Enterprise.

    ![Validate License](/images/npmo-install2.png)

- Secure the admin console as you wish and hit "Continue"

    We recommend securing the admin console with a password or with your
    corporate LDAP, especially if your instance is *not* running behind a
    firewall.

    ![Secure the Console](/images/npmo-install3.png)

- Select initial configuration settings for your registry and hit "Save"

    For a detailed explanation of all settings, please visit the
    [server configuration page](/enterprise/server-configuration).

    On first installation, you should probably focus on "General", "Storage",
    and "Authentication". The default values for other settings will probably
    suit your needs.

    - **General**

        The registry will bind to port `8080` and the website will bind to port
        `8081` on your server. However, it is typical to put a routing layer or
        load balancer in front of your On-Site instance that will use a DNS name
        and port of your choosing, possibly terminating SSL/TLS there. The
        front-facing URLs you choose for your network topology should be entered
        here. **Note** that these values will be stored with package metadata
        and should match the URLs used by end-users to access your npm registry
        and website.

        You may customize your website by filling in "Your company name".

        If your server uses a proxy to access the internet, make sure to enter
        its address in "Proxy URL".

    - **Storage**

        Make sure the paths listed here map to the available disk space you have
        provisioned for your server. This is especially true for the "Package
        storage path on host", which is where the registry will store the
        tarballs for all hosted packages.

    - **Authentication**

        npm Enterprise supports several strategies for authentication and
        authorization, leveraging the credentials and permissions you have
        already defined in another backing system.

        Please see our other docs pages for details on
        [GitHub](/enterprise/github), [Open](/enterprise/no-authentication), and
        [Custom](/enterprise/custom-authentication) authentication options.

    Note that you can always come back to this page and adjust your
    configuration settings. Each time you save new settings, you will be
    prompted to restart the registry in order for the changes to take effect.

- Hit "Take me to the Dashboard"

    The first time you save your settings, the admin console will display a
    success dialog and will automatically download and start the registry
    services with your applied configuration.

    ![Settings Saved](/images/npmo-install5.png)

### 4. Start and verify the registry services

With configuration settings saved, the admin console will direct you to the
Dashboard where you can view the status of the registry services. If the
top-left panel does not say "Starting", then hit the "Start Now" button.

- Wait for the registry services to start

    ![Dashboard Starting](/images/npmo-install6.png)

    Once all the containerized registry services have been downloaded and
    started, the Dashboard will prompt you to reload the page to add panels for
    resource metrics.

- Reload the Dashboard

    ![Dashboard Metrics](/images/npmo-install7.png)

    Your npm Enterprise registry is ready to use!

- Verify registry and website

    Your registry is now available at `http://<your-server>:8080`

    You should get a JSON response from that URL.

    And your npm website is available at `http://<your-server>:8081`

If everything looks good, it's time to [configure your npm CLI
client](/enterprise/client-configuration) and start [publishing and installing
private packages](/enterprise/using-it). Congrats!
